What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	Git will create a .git hidden folder that will allow you to start storing
	information about commits you have made.  If you don't do it, git can't 
	track revisions for you.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area is a place where git keeps track of the files that will
	be commited the next time a commit command is called.  It's like limbo in
	between the current commit and the next one.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
	you can use the git diff --stage command to see what changes are included
	in the commit before commiting the change.  That way you can make sure all
	of the changes included are logically connected.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?
	it would be great when you're trying out something bold and different with 
	your code.  This helps to be able to try things without breaking the code
	that is already working.  Plus, you can keep a working version to show people
	while you're improving.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	They can help us see which commits have a child-parent relationship to each
	other and which commits may/may not have a branch name.  They can also help us 
	visualize the different branches and what they're for.  This appears to be
	more helpful when we start talking about merging.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
	The results is that the code that was added by either branch gets added, but 
	subtracted code gets removed.  It uses the commit where the branch separated
	as a reference to make these determinations.  The reason we represent it in 
	the diagram the way we do is because it essenctially combines the code from
	both branches.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
	Git's automatic merge will save a LOT of time if the changes the 2 commits 
	have are in different sections of the program.  If they are in the same section
	of code, it probably takes about the same amount of time because it at least
	puts both sections of code side by side for you.  Doing a merge manually is
	worse any way I can see it.
